Add warning about interface name change from hw_machine_type (#879)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/rocky-linux-9.rst

     hw_machine_type = x86_64=q35
     num_pcie_ports = 16

  This change does not need to be applied before migrating to Rocky Linux 9,

>   but it is likely to best place to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but it is likely the best time to do so.
```
